APPROACH - 1: Monoservo Gear Gripper
submission by: SONIT PATIL

Project Made Using SolidEdge 2024 and online Gear Generator
All CAD files are in either par, svg, dxf and asm format.


THIS FOLDER CONTAINS:

bm23btech11023_mechatronics_Sonit.pdf which has a concise report on my design and analysis of initial design and cost limitations on both approaches is in the Report Folder of .zip file

Assem1 08.05.2024.asm File which is the entire assembly of the designed Robotic Hand Gripper.

The entire robotic gripper consists of three different main sections:
    1.Bodyset
        i.  Wrist Module -- Houses the space for 1 servo motor and a microcontroller
        ii. GearBox-Palm -- To house a specialized gear mechanism to transfer one servo motor rotation to 3 fingers (3 Psuedo Servo Motors implemented using Bevel Gears. Alternative could be to use a Worm Gear) 
    2. Gearset
    REFER THE GEARSET LAYOUT FOR INITIAL PLANNING
        i.  gi par.par --- (i=1,2,3,4) & g1stack.par Which are SolidEdge Par Files which were extruded from dxf files.
        ii. gi svg.svg --- (i=1,2,3,4) & g1stack.svg Which are generated by an Online Gear Generator tool.
        iii.gi dxf.dxf --- (i=1,2,3,4) & g1stack.dxf Which are genearted by an Online Gear Generator Tool.
        iv. S.par which is a support cylinder to elevate gear by 15mm  to be connected to stacked middle gear.
        v. Gearset Assembly.asm -- Which is an assembly of all the gears

    Bevelset Folder contains Bev1.par and Bev 1.2.par as the Bevel Gears. Other par files are alternative option with worm gears whoch can be assembled if required.

    3. Fingerset
    REFER THE FINGER MECH LAYOUT --> Finger Mech Preplanning.pdf for INITIAL PLANNING

        i. link1.par - To be connected to Bevel Link through Link-Groove-Pivot mechanism
        ii. link2.par - To be connected to link 1 using interphalangeal hinge.
        iii. Bevel Link.par - Connected to axle of Bevel gear
        iv. interphalangeal hinge.par - To connect Link1 and Link 2 through a hinge joint.
        v. Turner module.par - A 3 point pivot for finger hinge mechanism. One pivot to be connected to Link 1 directly , other to spring & Link 1 ext and the third one to spring1 & Link 2.
        vi. Beam Link Ext.par - A cylinderical extension connected on Bevel Link to Connect spring to Link 1 and one of the Turner Module 
        vii. spring1.par - Generated through solidedge spring generator.